Requirements-386 recommended but not required. Only 256K of RAM. 
2 Megabytes of hard disk space. 256 Color VGA monitor.

BASICS- Dark Visions II is pretty self-explanatory. At the top of the screen
is a box in which you will be told about whatever your cursor is on, whether
it's part of the scene or part of the controls. There is no need to click 
to get this description. You should explore the screen this way to find out 
what the buttons do. For keyboard play--use the numeric keypad to move the 
cursor, <enter> to click, and <space> to switch cursors; for joystick play--
the pad will move the cursor, Button A will click, and Button B will switch 
cursors. With the mouse--you can move the cursor. Click a mouse button to 
click. 

HINTS- Clicking will activate the cursor selected in the lower left. Clicking 
action on roads, doors, or right behind your character will often let you 
walk to another scene. Game time does matter, and if you hear a bump, that 
prewarns you that someone's near! If you ever miss a message, hitting 
<r> will recall the last message. 
<1,2,3> are used to talk
If Dark Visions II appears too light, you may want to turn down the brightness
on your monitor.

Type: "START" at the DOS prompt to start.

                           DV2 Hint Giver
Type: "DVHINT" at the DOS prompt if you are stuck and need a nudge in what
might be the right direction. This is provided so you can play the entire
game instead of most adventures where players get stuck 1/4th of the way 
through. It was not meant to play the game for you, so use it sparingly.

                       Dark Visions 1 Plot Summary
        The time period is the early nineteen hundreds. You arrive at the 
mansion of your uncle, Dr. Maller, and are told by a person whom you 
assume to be a servant that there is a party in progress in his honor. 
You go to the upstairs guest room to get ready, but when you leave you 
find that your uncle's psychiatric patients are on the loose...and trying
to kill you! They've already done away with your uncle and his doctors. In
a further revelation, you find that he's been testing a zombie serum on
his psychos; the serum stops the body from functioning for 12 hours. And 
when they awake, they have heightened strength! You manage to send the house 
up in flames before making your escape out a window and getting into your
car. Dark Visions II picks up here.

(Don't let the message "You Win" trick you. There is more than one ending to 
Dark Visions II. You will know when you get the best one. If you don't get 
the best ending, you should load up your furthest saved game and keep playing
until you do.)

PROBLEMS RUNNING DARK VISIONS II
The only problem we've ever encountered in Dark Visions II is the
crazy cursor- type <j> in the game to turn the joystick off if you encounter 
this.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
You may distribute Dark Visions II as much as you wish to anyone you
wish, provided that- 
1 All the files are included, and they are not altered in anyway.
2 No fee is charged (Companies or Organizations may charge a distribution fee 
to cover expenses, as long as it is no greater than $8. Hopefully the fee
will be significantly less than that.)
